Hello, boys and girls.
Moment of truth.
We are going to spin up our very first X cluster.
So we are going to use this command x, it'll create a cluster and then the name function and then a
node group name.
So okay, so I have the command here.
I give a name so you can see it'll create a cluster.
I gave the name ASICs little dust test.
I am giving the node group name as G does default again.
This is optional field.
You don't have to create a node group and I'm saying the worker no type should be PT three micro and
then I want two of those worker nodes.
So the easiest way to do this is you can just copy this, go to your Visual Studio code or any terminal
where you have the SLA installed and it gets it installed and you can just paste it, press enter and
that should go create the X cluster.
It does take 5 to 10 minutes because it is doing a lot of stuff under the hood, like creating VPC subnets,
security groups, all that good stuff.
So I'm going to pause the video and come back once this cluster is up and running OC Our exit command
is done.
So a couple of things I wanted to show you.
One is it can still command behind the scenes, actually submits a cloud formation.
In this case, it's submitted to cloud formation.
One is exit l dacic still does test cluster for the actual cluster.
And then we have another one for the Node group.
So if you go to resources, you should see all the things that exit created security, egress, security
group, ingress, auto scaling group, instance, profile, a bunch of stuff.
And if I go to outputs, it's going to show you the instance profile area and for the worker nodes and
the instance roll end.
And next thing I wanted to show is if I go to the X console, you can see the cluster name.
Exactly.
That's test.
So if I click it, it shows communities version 1.16 and then other details.
Okay.
So our first Kubernetes cluster is up and running, so we can run serial command there.
So if we run Ctrl get all, we should not get anything except the default service.
How do we go?
So at this point you are all set to work with the six cluster in case you guys and gals are wondering,
hey, how does Cube still know that which case cluster to go to?
Right.
I'm not giving like a cluster name here in this cube still command.
I'm just saying get hall.
So this is because of the cube config.
So you can see this cube still command should work with this cube config.
And then if we have multiple cluster, you can switch.
But hold off on that question.
We are going to handle that in a later lecture because that is a little advanced.
But for now you can just spin up a cluster and use cube ctrl.
So when you are creating the cluster or want to do any change using x ctrl.
So we we typed the whole command here, right?
So we type this exit, create cluster command with all the parameters in the command line and press
enter.
So there is another way to do this.
Instead of typing all the parameters in the command line itself, you can have a config file for example,
like it'll create node group.
So I have this config file where we put the parameters here.
Let's say the name, we can settle this test for region us two means this config file is going to act
on a on a cluster with dynamic s, it'll test on us west two.
And then I have two node groups, not group one, which is energy one public and regular node group.
And then I have another manage note groups don't think too much about what's the difference between
these two.
All have separate lectures on node groups, so let's say we want to create this node groups.
So one option is of course we can do X, it'll create a node group and then give bunch of parameters
there.
But instead what we could do is X, it'll create node group and then we can pass the name of the config
file.
So we say does dash config file and then we give the case it'll dash create death engine.
So what's going to do is it's going to go to the cluster with dynamic etc. that test on us west to it's
going to create these two node groups one energy, one public and another energy to managed.
So let's do that.
So let me create this.
So let's press enter.
So this will also submit a cloud formation behind the scene so you can see two cloud formation running
for two different node groups.
So I'm going to pause the video and come back.
After a few minutes, our cloud formations are done.
So we're going to go back to the terminal and then if we run case, it'll get Node group.
In our case, it'll dust test cluster.
We can see there are three node groups in this cluster.
One is n g does default that we created when we created the CAS cluster and then we create an energy
one public and energy two managed.
So similarly, instead of giving all the parameters, you can also create a cluster using a config file.
So this will be a sample config file for that.
You can just do X, it'll create cluster and then it will just give config dust file equal to the name
of this file which is x ctrl dash create dash cluster dot yaml.
So what's going to do is it's going to create a cluster with a node group named n g that's default with
2t3 micro instances.
All right.
So this is how you create cluster using commands or config file and change it.
So only one thing left to do.
Very important thing.
We cannot delete the cluster.
So how do you delete it?
Pretty straightforward.
So you can run this, you can still get get cluster.
So this will give you the names of all the clusters that's running.
But in this case, we have only one cluster running, so we are going to delete this.
Okay.
How do we delete it?
It can still delete cluster and then you give that dash name and then you pass the name of the cluster.
So in this case it is Zika still does test.
So I'm going to press enter and it's going to delete everything related to the cluster.
So behind the scene, I think you guys and girls probably guessed it.
It's just going and deleting all the cloud formation and all that associated resources.
All right.
Seems like our request cluster is deleted.
You can validate it.
By running, you can still get cluster again.
And in this time, no clusters found.
All right, girls, now you know how to create X cluster and how to delete it.
Hello, magazine, girls.
See you in the next video by.